On working smart, not hard: "If you use a feather during sex, it's kinky. But if you use the whole chicken, it's just sick."
"Vatche: "I don't know how they reproduce." Student: "Probably sex" Vatche: "But they're both so ugly!"
I used to watch her torture rodents... She was very sadistic. Eventually, she would eat just the head.
You can see that it has 3 parts: Part 1, Part 2, Part 3, and Part 4.
Now do you feel better about Killing?
I'm not going to do it, no matter how much you beg.
Misery http://t.co/yh2KqbQzew
It is an exercise for you, not for me. I did it once in my life, but now I am old and tenured, so I will just write the answer.
Why would a feather fall at the same rate as an elephant pushed from the tower of Pisa? They did those experiments.
Imagine you are a species of insects living on the surface of a sphere. It isn't too different from your lives now.
*Student points out typo* "That is because I was slightly intoxicated"
We are now going to solve a problem in a uniform gravitational field. It will have you tearing your clothes off and running around outside.
How would you describe your midterm? http://t.co/SFcYrCgn65
When I go to sleep, my wife whispers existential dread in my ear.
To call my mother I have to send a signal faster than light. These points are causally disconnected. This is why I never call my mother.
"I have chalk in my teeth" *drinks coffee* "Man! This tastes better with chalk!"
I need big chalks. This is General Relativity after all, small chalks won't do.
For the next problem, we will have to torture someone. I think it will be more fun if we torture someone.
I have some vibrations in my pants.
Why don't you make up answers for bio? You're more likely to get them right.
Dammit, I'm a physicist not a biologist.
Human trafficing isn't interested in you.
If we were living in the Roman Empire we would throw you to the lions now... I just watched Spartacus, so it is on my mind.
We have no chalk today. We will have to use blood. Preferably, your blood.
I look like the abominable snowman. I scare myself in the mirror.
Hypothetically, in that situation I would be a ballerina.
Did you know that my grandmother used to smuggle arms in her underwear?
I used to say write good things on course evaluations because I would put them up on dating sites, but now I have a wife, so I can't do that
After having my daughter I gained a lot of weight. The pregnancy was tough.
I could tell she was thinking "Please shoot me now and put me out of my misery".
I was a little bit intoxicated while I was grading. It is the only way I can get through it.
I hate it when people stop for pedestrians.
*approaching student with lit blow torch* "Say you like Stat Mech"
Nobody passes this class. It is a well kept secret.
My daughter has two teeth and a hairy back. It was a genetic gift from me.
I was shot at by a tank. I saw it go woosh past me. It missed.
I have to do this myself. This is too cool to waste on one of you.
If I put it on the exam, there is a good chance I will go to hell eventually.
It is your last chance before the massacre tomorrow.... Oops, did I say that out loud?
Watch your language! Don't use bullshit words here!
In order to explain this, I am going to have to wave my hands at the speed of light.
I proposed to him that we go together to the bathroom, but he refused for some reason.
Jim agrees with me. That's all I need. Screw the rest of you.
Everybody knows that i am infallible, like the pope.
It is true that I spend most of my time in the bathroom.
V: "Why would you wear a Pomona shirt? Are you from Pomona?" Student: "Yes." V: "I'm so sorry about that."
It is very difficult to break spaghetti. I wonder what the equation of state is.
My first Thanksgiving in America, I didn't know what was going on. I couldn't find anywhere to eat, so I had to go to a soup kitchen.
*spoon scrapes against a bowl* Vatche: "I just heard a dragon" Student:"what do you think dragons sound like?" V:"I've been in rough places"
Let me go sit in the back and drink my tea with cognac.
Replace turkey for Thanksgiving with a meat that is meant to be eaten, like stuffed lamb.
*student is walking out of class* "Do not leave yet, there is hope!" *student leaves* "Did he jump?"
*eats cough drop* "These are from Switzerland. And many things are legal in Switzerland that aren't here."
I got held up by a Frosh advisee. She wanted to declare physics and I was telling her "Don't do it! Save yourself!"
Now we know why the tau particle shot itself: too much algebra.
I am going to do something that is strictly forbidden, which is use a flamethrower.
I like it when students go on their knees... begging for mercy.
See what you did with this conversation? One of the students went to the bathroom to kill himself.
I chose the miserable life of a physicist instead of living the Bohemian life in Rome, painting and drinking wine. I'm not bitter.
This morning I had the choice to click on pictures of the comet or pictures of Kim's butt. I chose the comet, but it was a hard decision.
There is a squirrel here, I am going to kill it. ... It is like that movie with the dog who is always looking at squirrels.
I will use red chalk made from the blood of the frosh.
I will tell you a joke.... No. You don't deserve it.
My wife didn't speak to me for a day after that.
Close your eyes and imagine your favorite chicken.
Rest assured that as long as I am around the frosh will have nightmares.
I am going to get hot water to pour on you. That will keep you from asking too hard questions.
What we are doing is theft, so we will both go to hell. We will meet there someday with Mussolini.
I will be on sabbatical next year. Does anyone want two pomeranians? I should tell you that one of them pees and poops everywhere.
When I was younger, I pirated big time.
Look what happened. In the previous section some of the students were misbehaving, so I killed them. Be careful.
Vatche: "What are you writing?"
Student: "What you are saying."
Vatche: "Oh, I am talking bullshit."
I just don't like Wolfram as a person... I said you should give everyone a Mathematica license. He didn't so I didn't let him do colloquium.
Let's call that xi. That's the only letter my 3 year old daughter writes.
Oh my God, she's memorized the solution. Someone throw vegetables at her.
I was going to come in my pajamas, but I realized that is pretty much what I always wear, so I just put on slippers.
Our perceptions suck.
"The guy with the respectable beard" http://t.co/CObr4Ks7OT
"The young physicist with the beautiful hair" http://t.co/xeK3pAGuIb
*talking to wife on phone* "I am in the big classroom. Would you like to talk about something else?" *hangs up* "Marriage. What can I say?"
It looks much more attractive. If you are attracted to equations like I am.
Vatche: "...so you could go back in time and marry your grandparents" Student: "Why?" Vatche: "Why not? They are nice people."
I will strangle Professor Donnelly.
Drunk students used to knock on my door at 3am. They always left drunker than they came.
When we get to the genital parameters...
Hand the chalk to someone else in Sontag; we need to punish them for having their own kitchens.
That call wasn't from my wife...It was from my mistress. I guess I'm sleeping in the garage tonight...again.
